the first thing I'm going to do is make
a paste of ginger and garlic now I have
here two 1-inch cubes of ginger that
have been peeled and coarsely chopped
this go in if you don't have a food
processor like this which is actually
quite essential you could use a grater
that will work just as well then I'm
also going to put in eight cloves of
garlic and four tablespoons of water
again if you don't have an electric
gadget you can put the garlic through a
garlic press something like that we'll
do it four tablespoons of water and all
this is going to be blended together
what I have here is a fairly fine paste
of garlic and ginger now the next thing
that I have to do is cook the meat I'm
going to use two pounds of meat from leg
of lamb as I said you could use beef as
well this is boned meat here I have just
the last batch of it
I've fried the rest of it in batches in
ten tablespoons of vegetable oil and
this is the last batch that I have in
here the reason why I don't put in all
the meat at the same time is that the
meat with Stuart wouldn't fry and it
wouldn't Brown now the last batch is
done I'm going to take it out just leave
all the oil behind
and into this hot oil I'm going to put
in some whole spices now I have here ten
cardamom pods to baby ten whole
peppercorns killed and an inch thick of
cinnamon all these go in and I'm going
to fry these spices the flying brings
out a wonderful flavor from the whole
spices you don't eat these spices
actually when you sit down to eat you
just push them to the side and then I'm
going to put in seven ounces of finely
chopped onion mister and fry the onions
now what happens with onions is that
they take their own sweet time to to
brown this will take about oh seven to
ten minutes to brown and want the onions
have browned here I have a pot for the
onions all brown you can see that
they're lovely reddish brown color and
this is terribly important because you
want the sauce to have the right color
it won't if the onions are not brown are
into the sauce I'm going to put in the
garlic ginger paste that I made earlier
all the space goes in don't need any of
its out you need it all for the flavor
stir and fry it again at each step you
must fry because if anything is left
untried it won't taste as good
then I'm going to put in some brown
spices and I heard here a teaspoon of
ground coriander 2 teaspoons of ground
cumin and these spices here the red ones
are what give the dish it's named Robin
Josh the red color and in India we would
use of some kind of red chili which
isn't very hot but here you can use 4
teaspoons of paprika mixed with 1
teaspoon of k and actually then mix them
in any proportion that you like and one
and a quarter teaspoon of salt the
oldest version as well